Based on the logs, Success! You have officially built the "Memory" for your 
AI agent.

Here is the breakdown of exactly what happened in the code versus what 
happened in your output logs.

1. What We Did (The Code Logic)
The script index_documents.py performed a procedure called ETL 
(Extract, Transform, Load):

Extract: It found your two PDF files (influencer-guide and youtube-ad-specs).

Transform: It chopped them up into 37 small "chunks" (paragraphs) and 
sent them to OpenAI's Embedding Model (text-embedding-3-small). 
The model converted the text into numbers (vectors).

Load: It saved these numbers into Azure AI Search.

2. What We Received (The Output Analysis)
Your logs confirm every step worked perfectly:

Initialization:

INFO - Embedding Deployment: text-embedding-3-small INFO - 
✓ Embeddings model initialized successfully

Meaning: The script correctly ignored the "gpt-4o" 
conflict and used the correct model.

Processing:

INFO - Found 2 PDFs to process... 
INFO - -> Split into 11 chunks. INFO - -> Split into 26 chunks.

Meaning: It successfully read your PDFs and broke them down 
into 37 total pieces of knowledge.

Vectorization (The long list of "HTTP Request: POST"):

HTTP Request: POST .../embeddings?api-version=2024-12-01-preview 
"HTTP/1.1 200 OK"

Meaning: It successfully talked to Azure OpenAI 20+ times 
to convert those text chunks into vector math. "200 OK" means success.

Final Success:

INFO - ✅ Indexing Complete! The Knowledge Base is ready. 
INFO - Total chunks indexed: 37

Meaning: Your Azure Search database now contains the knowledge from your PDFs.

What This Means for the Project
Before this moment, your AI was just a generic model (like a generic law student). Now, your AI is a "Specialist." It has "read" your specific FTC and YouTube rulebooks and can reference them instantly.

Next Step: The Final Test
Now that the Brain (Logic) has access to the Memory (PDFs), let's see if it works together.

Run the main application one more time:

Bash

uv run python main.py